[QT-318] Add Vault CI bootstrap scenarios (#17907)
hashicorp/vault: enos/README.md

This variant is for running the Enos scenario locally. It builds the Vault bundle
from the current branch, placing the bundle at the `vault_bundle_path` and the
unzipped Vault binary at the `vault_local_binary_path`.

# CI Bootstrap
In order to execute any of the scenarios in this repository, it is first necessary to bootstrap the 
CI AWS account with the required supporting AWS resources. At this time, the only resource that is 
required is an EC2 ssh key pair. The scenarios [bootstrap_ci](./ci/enos-scenario-bootstrap-ci.hcl) and 
[bootstrap_workspaces](./ci/enos-scenario-ci-bootstrap-workspaces.hcl) have been created to simplify
the process of bootstrapping the CI environment.

**Supported Regions** - enos scenarios are supported in the following regions: 
`"us-east-1", "us-east-2", "us-west-1", "us-west-2"`

> ## Bootstrap Process

Reviewer: I think we're missing the part where people need to request access to the `vault_ci` account in Doormat.

These steps should be followed to bootstrap this repo for enos scenario execution:

> 1. **Setup the root Workspace** - In Terraform Cloud manually create a workspace in the `hashicorp-qti` 

Reviewer: This assumes people know how to get access to Terraform Cloud. Perhaps we should give more context around what `backend` means and why we need to keep remote state. We should tell people how to get access to this TFC account and where to get help.
```suggestion
1. **Set up the root Workspace** - In Terraform Cloud manually create a workspace in the `hashicorp-qti` 
```

   organization named `vault-ci-enos-bootstrap`. This workspace will be used as the backend for the 
   `bootstrap_workspaces` scenario. When creating the workspace choose the execution mode `local`.

> 2. Get the enos ci ssh public key from a member of the QT team.

Reviewer: Why don't we keep the public key here in text? It's public.. there's no security risk there.

Reviewer: We should tell people what the private key secret name is and where to get it. If they don't have access to that shared 1Password secret perhaps direct them to the slack channel where they can request it.

> 3. **Create the CI Bootstrap Workspaces** - Each region will have its own workspace and state, to 

Reviewer: I'm curious why need to have different workspaces per-region. Seems that maybe we should instead use the same workspace but repeat the steps with each region provider.

- Access to the `hashicorp-qti` organization in Terraform Cloud.
- Full access to the CI AWS account is required.

**Note:** For help with access to Terraform Cloud and the CI Account, contact the QT team on Slack 

> (#team-quality). Access to the AWS account can be done via Doormat, at: https://doormat.hashicorp.services/.

Reviewer: Good stuff. Perhaps we should also include that they need to request access for the `vault_ci` account via Doormat. That is done in via Cloud Access > AWS > Request Account Access.

The idea being that we tell them exactly what to do and they don't have to try and figure out what to do in Doormat.

Author: Done.
